thank you mama - Oprah de Mayo her Dino
Hanukkah my premier fvm Steve ik
Randhawa dr. Denis mukwege krotkiy
interview so hello Steve Rinella what's
your name I don't speak Czech tell us
something to come up with you my name is
Steve Crandall I'm 32 years old from New
York in the United States and I work at
fpm bikes
yeah mind if I can it be em so you're
it's you know it's the second time in
Berlin second so it's you like it love
it
everyone's having fun people riding like
crazy everyone's drunk hammered it's a
good time do feel some difference here
between us a right dose or Europe riders
it's uh
I think everyone no matter where you go
has a good time but I think it's real
relaxed here like everyone's just
together in the same place so it's not
like separation between pros and fans
and amateurs so everyone's just together
having a good time yeah great I like you
too and Germany so how was it with IBM
you're about the frame so good writers
like Alan Ross so can you tell us
something can go back every n let's kick
ass what does it mean FBM whatever you
want ok ok ok
and there's something something about
Czech Republic you're you you're already
in Prague
damn I hope so if I am I'll see you guys
there again we know about do know about
no Czech Republic some about some things
or do you know some people it's real far
away from where I live that's about all
I know about it you've seen some riders
here from the Czech Republic killing it
this weekend
so good yeah kick-ass yeah ok
so lasting for you it's from Czech
Republic stretch it's a bottle of
chakram the best and every biker
Inchicore
have to drink this one because it's the
best
like Jim Beam go man thank you thank you
very much okay thank you - see you bye
maybe next year